---
author: troyh
comments: true
date: 2003-12-15 18:17:46+00:00
layout: post
slug: '2519'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 2519
---

I've been out of the habit of updating this side of the this site. Just been too busy with the holidays, family and work. I work too much and would like to be able to relax and do other things, but I am a computer addict -- there's always one more thing I can build/fix "really quick". It never ends. And I feel guilty when I stop and watch a movie, sit outside with the dogs, read, etc.

I am happy about the [Saddam news](http://www.command-post.org/iraq_index.html). Sunday morning at 4:30am my pager went off because a server was overloaded. So I went to the computer to deal with it and while I was waiting to verify everything was okay, I read [a post](http://www.recipezaar.com/bb/viewtopic.zsp?t=55103) with the news. I get my world news from a recipe site. ;-)  A few minutes later I went back to bed waking up Gay in the process and told her "they caught Saddam". "They did?! Wow!", she said and fell asleep.

I find lots of reasons to criticize Bush, but at times he impresses me. He impressed me with his handling of 9/11 by exercising restraint (something I couldn't have done at the time), saying all the right things and quickly removing the Taliban from power. And now he's handling Saddam correctly: we didn't kill him, we captured him and Iraq, not us, will be putting him on trial. A fair trial for one of history's "evil-dewars" is  something the world needs, I think. Killing him would have sent the wrong message and would've made him a martyr. Bush just might be able to salvage some respect for the US from the world (and I don't mean respect in the country music anthem "fear equals respect" way).
