---
author: troyh
comments: true
date: 2003-04-07 18:52:51+00:00
layout: post
slug: our-chair
title: Our chair
wordpress_id: 1981
---

Our local newspaper, [The Beachcomber](http://www.vashonbeachcomber.com/), ran the story about the delivery of a chair we had shipped recently:

_A taxi wanting to cross from Point Defiance to Tahlequah at 9:15 a.m. last Thursday was detained by Washington State Ferries.
The cab's trunk was open, and the occupants appeared to be of Middle Eastern descent.
WSF called the police because ferry personnel are not allowed to look inside vehicles, according to WSF spokesperson Susan Harris.
She said that the police found that there was a chair in the trunk.
"In these heightened times," Harris said, "we have potential security problems. It turned out to be no big thing." The taxi was allowed on the boat._


The delivery people refuse to drive their truck on the ferries, so they find creative ways to get our chairs to us. What they don't tell you is that the taxi wasn't the only car detained, they held the ferry for 45 minutes so all the people were detained waiting for the police to arrive.

_Sarcasm Mode on..._

Gotta hand it to that crack team at the WSF, though. They can spot those open trunks, and they know the 100s of closed trucks and 1000s of closed trunks that ride the ferries daily certainly do not have bombs in them.

And of course, terrorists are trying desperately to blow up the Tahlequah ferry. Not the larger and more trafficked Fauntleroy-Vashon ferry or the even bigger Bainbridge ferries. Terrorists correctly see the tiny Tahlequah-Tacoma ferry as the linchpin to the American psyche.

_...Sarcasm Mode off._
