---
author: troyh
comments: true
date: 2004-09-19 19:51:54+00:00
layout: post
slug: '2797'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 2797
---

Watching football today (Redskins game via DirecTV's Sunday Ticket) and just saw two commercials for Coors Light. In one, they argue that other beers are shipped warm but Coors Light is "always shipped cold". Assuming it's true that they use refrigerated trucks (doubtful), it doesn't matter because it makes absolutely no difference in the taste of beer... in fact, it may be worse if the store doesn't also store it cold because temperature changes are harmful to beer. It's best to ship it at room temperature, store it at room temperature and then chill it and serve it.

In the other commercial, they point out that "other beers" are heat pasteurized at 140ºF while Coors Light is "brewed at 34ºF". This is misleading because Coors Light is also heat pasteurized... almost all commercial beers are pasteurized, regardless of whether or not it is brewed at 34º. And they don't _brew_ the beer at 34º, they _ferment_ it at 34º -- they brew it at 200º+ like all beers, otherwise they can't get the sugars out of the barley. But, of course, this has absolutely no effect on how "cold the beer tastes".

And they end both commercials with "Because we know you like cold beer". The sad thing is that Joe Six-Pack sees these commercials and thinks this is all logical. And Joe Six-Pack also thinks that colder is better for beer. That's only because Joe Six-Pack has no taste... people perceive colder things to taste better (like they perceive hotter coffee to taste better) than warmer, but that doesn't mean it tastes better than other beers. And by the way, Joe Six-Pack has a perfectly good method for getting their beer colder: a refrigerator.
